Add detail to the project README (#4)
tobyhodges/github-skillup-2025-05-08-ndporter: README.md

> Generated from [_crispy-doodle_](https://github.com/carpentries/crispy-doodle).

Reviewer: THis is also out of date.

## Contact

> If you have questions about the project, please open an issue or [contact the author](mailto:example@example.com).

Reviewer: Maybe we should use a different email address at carpentries.org?

> If you have questions about the project, please open an issue or [contact the author](mailto:example@example.com).

Reviewer: Maybe differen temail?

> If you have questions about the project, please open an issue or [contact the author](mailto:example@example.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions about the project, please open an issue or [contact the author](mailto:carpentry@carpentries.org).
```
